= trello_slurper

Trello Slurper allows you to quickly compose your stories in a text file and import them as cards into Trello.

Works great with slurper.vim! (http://github.com/adamlowe/vim-slurper)

This is a highly-altered fork of the original slurper gem (http://github.com/hashrocket/slurper)

Disclaimer: This fork is still quite new. Tests are currently broken, but basic functionality works.

== Install

  $gem install trello_slurper

== Config

Trello Slurper requires a tslurper_config.yml file in your working directory. This file contains your Trello API application key and board id.

=== Example

  trello_application_key: 123abc123abc123abc
  trello_board_id: 1234abcd

trello_application_key is required to fetch a write token for your user. You can get the key by visiting: https://trello.com/1/appKey/generate

trello_board_id is the 8 character id of the board in which you'd like to create cards. You can find the board id immediately after /b/ in the board URL.
eg. for the board at https://trello.com/b/1234abcd/test-board, the board id is '1234abcd'.

== Usage

Create a stories.slurper file and compose your stories in the slurper story format. In your working directory use the tslurp command to import your stories from the stories.slurper file into Pivotal Tracker. Slurper looks for a stories.slurper file in your current directory by default, however, you can provide an alternate story source file if necessary.

Default

  $tslurp

Also valid

  $tslurp ~/special_stories.slurper

Or even

  $tslurp ~/mystories.txt

=== Example stories.slurper

  ==
  name:
    Set Up Staging Environment
  description:
    Set up and configure staging environment for approval of stories

  ==
  name:
    Campaign Manager Does Something
  description:
    In order to get some value
    As a campaign manager
    I want to do something

    - can do something


Note: the story source file is whitespace-sensitive. Be sure the value for each key phrase is indented with two spaces beneath each key phrase. Also, start each story with a double-equals on its own line.

Your best bet is to leverage slurper.vim and benefit from its auto-indenting goodness.

Currently, only name and description are supported due to weak label support in the Trello card creation API.


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request.

Credit - Wes Gibbs (http://wgibbs.github.com) thought of and wrote slurper as a ruby script. It was later packaged and released as a gem by his fellow Rocketeers after using it and finding it extremely handy.
